
Historically, science education has made heavy use of the lecture as the primary mode of knowledge transference from instructors to students. Solidifying this knowledge has depended on giving assignments where students are expected to take the lectures and apply them to problems. If a student is lucky, their cohort will self-organize into a study group where solving these assignments gets handled by the group. In this case, any individual student is only responsible for solving one or two questions on their own, and the rest of the assignment gets shared and explained so that everyone learns all of the techniques that got to the solutions.

This is why I selected the flipped classroom as the teaching technique that I wanted to investigate. This seems to be a great way to explicitly bring the experience mentioned earlier to all of the students, and not just those who are lucky enough to fall into a cohort that does this organically.

The flipped classroom is a technique which reverses the locations for teaching and doing. Where, traditionally, you would provide information in class and have assignment work done out of class, the flipped classroom has the providing of information happening out of class and the assignments happening in class. This requires more work from the instructor. Instead of simply developing a set of lecture notes and presenting them in person, the instructor needs to provide this content in a form that can be consumed out of class. This requires forethought and planning, in order to ensure that these materials are accessible to all of the students. The materials also need to be much more freestanding, as the instructor isn't there to answer questions and clarify misconceptions in realtime.

It does provide a huge advantage, though. The ultimate purpose for science classes is to be able to apply the techniques and information learned in the class to real world problems. As this is the primary end result, it only makes sense to have this be the activity that is happening in the class. With this teaching technique, the much harder work of learning how to apply techniques to solve problems gets done in class, where the instructor is available to provide guidance. This way, the instructor can correct fundamental misunderstandings before they become entrenched in the thoughts and understanding of the students. Also, this provides a great environment to encourage collaboration among the students in problem solving skills. This will be important for any students continuing on to post-graduate research. Hardly any effective researcher works as a lone island. Learning these skills early in their academic careers can lead to multiplying benefits.

As a personal challenge, I see myself introducing the flipped classroom for at least a portion of the next class that I teach. I believe that the beginning of the class would be done in a traditional way. This is where we are simply doing review material that is meant to ensure that everyone is at the same starting point. After that, I am planning to have at least a few of the assignments using the flipped classroom.


Notice of AI use: I used chatGPT in order to create a summary of the flipped classroom teaching method. I used that as the primary source of information. Since it is almost impossible to recreate content from chatGPT, I actually copy/pasted the supplied summary into a separate document to provide a chain of precedence for the information I used. This summary can be provided on request.