---
tags:
  - meetings
---

# Meeting Title
- **Date:** 2023-09-11
- **Start Time:** 10:00AM
- **End Time:**
- **Attendees:** Brock, Emily, Caroline, Ismail, Joey

## Meeting Objective


## Agenda
- 

## Notes and Decisions
- Talk about ILP
	- Emily issues - no provisioning of guests, moving from shibboleth to SAML by December
	- Ismael issues - people are not being realtimed into D2L, Emily also sees the same thing
	- Brock - CEL sees an update in Colleague at 8PM. It is supposed to be changed with ITS, but has not been done yet.
	- CEL now has three sections of support channels, tech, D2l and instructional design. They have two email addresses for support.

## Action Items
1. Emily will arrange a meeting with ITS to discuss the state of the transition to SAML.
2. [x] Add both Brock and Ismael and Aaron will be added to the D2L committee
3. [x] Joey will look into D2L license agreement
4. Ismael will share a new CSS template for CEL