---
tags: meetings, Archives/Work
---
# Meeting Title
- **Date:** Feb. 14, 2023
- **Start Time:** 1:00PM
- **End Time:** 2:00PM
- **Attendees:**  Everyone except the graduate students, Jeff, Oxana

## Meeting Objective

This meeting was meant to provide the new management structure, and upcoming deadlines.


## Agenda
- 

## Notes and Decisions

- Nick is leaving at the end of March
- Four main projects
	- Modelling
		- Lead: David
		- Members: Anthony, Karim, Joey
		- Notes: Set to get extended funding.
	- CHAIN
		- Lead: Chris
		- Members: Richard, Joey
		- Notes: Funding ends March 31. Chris working on extended funding.
	- MODIS
		- Lead: Torsten
		- Members: Anton, Alex, Joey
		- Notes: Funding ends March 31. No current plans to extend funding. Test installation scheduled for August. One of the group is free to take over project, leading to potential commercialization.
	- GSWNCan
		- Lead: Jay
		- Members: Anton, Joey, Richard
		- Notes: Funding start not set until we can devote fulltime to the project. CFI funding won't be finalized until June.
		- Sub-project: EclipseNB is folded under GSWNCan. Anton will be talking to CSA about its own funding source.
- Todd's position will not be renewed. Each project is independent.
- Future project: Take over of Greenland radio dish installation.

## Action Items

1.