---
tags: meetings, Archives/Work
---
# Meeting with Septentrio
- **Date:** 2023-03-09
- **Start Time:** 11:00AM
- **End Time:**
- **Attendees:** Joey, Richard, Mo, Scott, Anthony, Jay, Anton, Chris, Richard Langley

## Meeting Objective
To discuss the timelines and planning around GNSS receiver purchases.

## Agenda
- 

## Notes and Decisions
- Did a round table introduction of everyone in the meeting.
- Started with an overview of the current state of Septentrio
	- There is an evaluation kit available (~$1000)
	- There is also a RPi HAT available (~$700)
- PolaRx5 - version 5.5.0
	- supports RINEX 3.05, 4.00
- SB3
	- Pro 
	- Pro+ - internal logging
	- ProBase
- Does notch filtering, among other options
- GSWNCan
	- 100 PolaRx5S
	- 250 SB3 ProBase
	- We will know by June about CFI, project start in August, over 3 year
	- We have industry money now, but not sure when to start that
	- If CFI falls through, we will simply reduce the scope in terms of what the receivers are, we will go with a lower cost option
	- Todd will be replaced for this project by Chris
	- They can provide 10-20 per month once we start up

## Action Items
1. Septentrio will do a followup on Iridium interference with Anton. Richard and I will probably attend, too.