---
tags: meetings, Archives/Work
---
# Meeting Title
- **Date:** March 15, 2023
- **Start Time:** 1:00PM
- **End Time:** 1:45PM
- **Attendees:** Me, Morgan, new Wildy Project Manager, Brendan, Lukas, Ryan, Andy, Liam, Mike

## Meeting Objective


## Agenda
- 

## Notes and Decisions
- From Richard:

-   When is Wildy going? We have fixes to the CADI that can’t be done by Manny.
    -   They are going to go out sometime this year. We will need to coordinate a fix of the CADI.
-   What is Manny’s schedule? We have a dead computer that needs to be restarted and broken antenna mast for the GPS.
    -   Go back out sometime in the next week or two.

General Meeting Notes:

-   Lukas is going to Fort Simpson to sort out light issues. First week of April. Gillam also has light issues.
-   Andy Kale had logger issues at Rankin. Rankin has Julian Cormer as a new custodian.
-   Ryan
    -   New project: San and Hal sites
    -   He will follow up with Richard and I around making oblique measurements

## Action Items
1.